T1.md, before:

## Business Opportunity and Market Feasibility

### Customer Segment
Our costomers are college students aged 18 and older. College students need cheap and affordable tutors to help them with a wide variety of subjects.College students typically don’t have expendable income, so tutoring services need to be economical, but also profitable for the tutors. Students might have issues understanding a certain subject, a problem in a particular section, or just need simple guidance in their coursework. However brief a tutor is still needed, and an online business would eliminate physical barriers for both the tutors and the students, as an online service can be accesed anywhere. 

### Our Value Proposition
TuTutoring is an online tutoring company that provides cheap, efficient, and convenient tutoring services on a campus to campus basis. We would hire and sell tutors in an Uber style fashion that is rooting in individual universities through a mobile app/website, to make on the fly appointments, or to wait in a queue for the next available tutor. By focusing on individual campuses, our service would allow for more targeted tutoring as similar courses can vary greatly from university to university, and from professor to professor. This business would be a for-profit business, either through a subscription service or a pay-as-you-go model.

### Customer Segment and Value Propositions
Our business has a niche customer segment as our services would only apply to college students who don’t fully understand the material that they are being taught. Depending on the course that the student would need tutoring for, different services would be available based on difficulty of the topic. Pricing models would be based on the demand for the tutors and on the course difficulty.

Our business model contains a single service, matching students to tutors. Students who wish to obtain tutoring would either discover the website or the mobile app and interact with the service for the first time. A new student would sign up for the service providing their information to the company. Students will pay for the services through In-App Purchases or through PayPal so TuTutoring will not store credit card information. 

On the Tutor side they will sign up for various subjects that they are proficient in. Tutors can accept as many or as little tutoring sessions as they choose so they can fit it into their schedules instead of changing their schedule to accommodate tutoring.

### Tutor Eligibility  
To be eligible to become a Tutor, you must have been previously enrolled in the subject and must present the transcript from that course to be considered eligible. A certain GPA and grade are required to teach certain courses. Each course requires a different amount based on difficulty level.

Commit message:

#11 Added onto Tutor Eligibility & Grammar Edits
I decided to include the information about the requirement to take a test and get a specific score to qualify, since I figured it would be important to let the tutors prepare themselves for the registration process.
Alongside that, I made some grammatical changes to the Customer Segment section.

T1.md, after:

## Business Opportunity and Market Feasibility

### Customer Segment
Our customers are college students age 18 and older. College students need cheap and affordable tutors to help them with a wide variety of subjects. College students typically don’t have expendable income, so tutoring services need to be economical, but also profitable for the tutors. Students might have issues understanding a certain subject, a problem in a particular section, or just need simple guidance in their coursework. However brief a tutor is still needed, and an online business would eliminate physical barriers for both the tutors and the students, as an online service can be accesed anywhere. 

### Our Value Proposition
TuTutoring is an online tutoring company that provides cheap, efficient, and convenient tutoring services on a campus to campus basis. We would hire and sell tutors in an Uber style fashion that is rooting in individual universities through a mobile app/website, to make on the fly appointments, or to wait in a queue for the next available tutor. By focusing on individual campuses, our service would allow for more targeted tutoring as similar courses can vary greatly from university to university, and from professor to professor. This business would be a for-profit business, either through a subscription service or a pay-as-you-go model.

### Customer Segment and Value Propositions
Our business has a niche customer segment as our services would only apply to college students who don’t fully understand the material that they are being taught. Depending on the course that the student would need tutoring for, different services would be available based on difficulty of the topic. Pricing models would be based on the demand for the tutors and on the course difficulty.

Our business model contains a single service, matching students to tutors. Students who wish to obtain tutoring would either discover the website or the mobile app and interact with the service for the first time. A new student would sign up for the service, providing their information to the company. Students will pay for the services through In-App Purchases or through PayPal, so TuTutoring will not store credit card information. 

On the Tutor side, they will sign up for various subjects that they are proficient in. Tutors can accept as many or as little tutoring sessions as they choose so they can fit it into their schedules instead of changing their schedule to accommodate tutoring.

### Tutor Eligibility  
To be eligible to become a Tutor, you must have been previously enrolled in the subject and must present the transcript from that course to be considered eligible. A certain GPA and grade are required to teach certain courses. Each course requires a different amount based on difficulty level. 

Those who wish to be tutors will also have to pass a test to prove their intelligence in the category they specialize in. An 85% or higher must be achieved in order to qualify as a tutor for TuTutoring.
