T2.md, before:

### Conncecting with the Customer

We deliver value to our customer by being a quick, easy, and accessible way to connect Tutors and students. By facilitating affordable and fair priced tutoring sessions that work within the customers' schedules, we give customers a better way to study and to build off of their educational successes.

### Maintaining Customer Relationships


## Support

Tu Tutoring will provide support through email services for customer service, 
technical issues, and for other customer issues. While TuTutoring only offers
email support for now, other options will become available as the company
expands.

## Customer Awareness

We will increase our customer awareness through social media and on campus advertising. Through social media we will be able to reach out to our customers and potentail new customers by keeping them up-to-date on what TuTutor has to offer. By utilizing on campus advertising TuTutuor will be able to spread awarness and offer promotions to old and potental new customers 

## Our Relationship with the Customer

TuTutor provides a relationship to the customer that revolves around the them and their schedule. Customers say what time they want a tutor and we delvier them a tutor for that time. Our Tutuors have good comunication skills and have the ability to work with many different people, making the students lives easier. We're the bridge that connects the tutors and the students together!

Commit message:

Feedback and minor formatting edits

T2.md, after:

## Connecting with the Customer

### Evaluation
Feedback is important to us. Customers can evaluate our services by contacting us through social media and email. Promotions offered through our marketing allow customers to try our service to see if it is right for them. A flagging/reporting feature will be avaliable to both students and tutors in the event that a customer violates any user guidlines. 

### Value
We deliver value to our customer by being a quick, easy, and accessible way to connect Tutors and students. By facilitating affordable and fair priced tutoring sessions that work within the customers' schedules, we give customers a better way to study and to build off of their educational successes.

## Maintaining Customer Relationships


### Support

Tu Tutoring will provide support through email services for customer service, 
technical issues, and for other customer issues. While TuTutoring only offers
email support for now, other options will become available as the company
expands.

### Customer Awareness

We will increase our customer awareness through social media and on campus advertising. Through social media we will be able to reach out to our customers and potentail new customers by keeping them up-to-date on what TuTutor has to offer. By utilizing on campus advertising TuTutuor will be able to spread awarness and offer promotions to old and potental new customers 

### Our Relationship with the Customer

TuTutor provides a relationship to the customer that revolves around the them and their schedule. Customers say what time they want a tutor and we delvier them a tutor for that time. Our Tutuors have good comunication skills and have the ability to work with many different people, making the students lives easier. We're the bridge that connects the tutors and the students together!
