T3.md, before:

## Key Activites


## Key Resources for Buisness Model 


## Key Resources for Online Buisness 
The online business resources for TuTutoring consists of a cloud based website hosted within Amazon Web Services (AWS). The high availablility of AWS and nearly instant infrastructure creation of the service allows TuTutoring to not require any on premises hardware that is critical to the functionality of the service.

As the TuTutoring service is developed, the server software will be developed within a Docker container for easy portability between cloud services should we choose to switch to another provider. All elements, database, front and back ends, will be hosted within dedicated docker, database, and application AWS services for high performance within the AWS cloud.

For internal business use, all of our software developers will use high performance workstations equipped with the latest versions of macOS and Xcode along with a Windows virtual machine with Visual Studio installed. Code compilation and version control would be hosted in Atlassian BitBucket for easy integration with Trello project management and Slack team communication utilities. Only basic networking infrastructure is required at the headquarters as all services required by the company is cloud based. Lastly, business administrators will use desktop computers equipped with high end business software to run the business efficiently and smoothly.

Commit message:

Key Activities
I would greatly appreciate if anyone could look over this and let me know what information to add that I may have forgotten and/or what information to remove that does not belong in this section.

T3.md, after:

## Key Activites
At TuTutoring, there isn't exactly a physical or digital product developed for purchase. Instead, we offer tutoring services to college students where they can either meet with a tutor online or in person, depending on the student's preference.

The main purpose of TuTutoring is to help college students with problems they may be having with understanding a certain subject. We make sure to find the highest quality tutors available for a wide variety of subjects, so that our customers end up with the most satisfying results and have little to no problems with whichever topic they have trouble understanding. Our business will only assist those who do not understand the material they're being taught.

We plan on creating a website and mobile application for users to set up appointments whether they're at home or on the go. Constant changes will be made to both platforms over time from student feedback, which will be crucial to customer satisfaction.

## Key Resources for Buisness Model 


## Key Resources for Online Buisness 
The online business resources for TuTutoring consists of a cloud based website hosted within Amazon Web Services (AWS). The high availablility of AWS and nearly instant infrastructure creation of the service allows TuTutoring to not require any on premises hardware that is critical to the functionality of the service.

As the TuTutoring service is developed, the server software will be developed within a Docker container for easy portability between cloud services should we choose to switch to another provider. All elements, database, front and back ends, will be hosted within dedicated docker, database, and application AWS services for high performance within the AWS cloud.

For internal business use, all of our software developers will use high performance workstations equipped with the latest versions of macOS and Xcode along with a Windows virtual machine with Visual Studio installed. Code compilation and version control would be hosted in Atlassian BitBucket for easy integration with Trello project management and Slack team communication utilities. Only basic networking infrastructure is required at the headquarters as all services required by the company is cloud based. Lastly, business administrators will use desktop computers equipped with high end business software to run the business efficiently and smoothly.
